Add docker-compose instructions for ARM64 (#5175)
FreshRSS/FreshRSS: Docker/README.md

> ℹ️ You can combine it with `-f docker-compose-db.yml` to spin a PostgreSQL database.

### Docker Compose and ARM64

If you're working or want to host on an ARM64 system (such as Apple Silicon (M1/M2)) you'll need to use the `arm` tag in your `docker-compose.yml` file:
```yaml
image: freshrss/freshrss:arm
```

If you then get this error message when running `docker compose up`:

> ```
> The requested image's platform (linux/arm/v7) does not match the detected host platform (linux/arm64/v8) and no specific platform was requested
> ```
> ... you will also need to specify the platform in the `service` part:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> The requested image's platform (linux/arm/v7) does not match the detected host platform (linux/arm64/v8) and no specific platform was requested

… you will also need to specify the platform in the `service` part:

```

> ℹ️ You can combine it with `-f docker-compose-db.yml` to spin a PostgreSQL database.

### Docker Compose and ARM64

> If you're working or want to host on an ARM64 system (such as Apple Silicon (M1/M2)) you'll need to use the `arm` tag in your `docker-compose.yml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re working or want to host on an ARM64 system (such as Apple Silicon (M1/M2)) you’ll need to use the `arm` tag in your `docker-compose.yml` file:
```
